hey here is christian from appdata there
it's a very special video not only
that I stand in front of the camera
because today there is finally one
plus one to win that i have in
our unboxing rent already explained
or declared as of today launches
the win the front glass when that
is a 55 inch smartphone out
China is currently not in
Germany available but one
price of 269 euros
when it comes to Germany
Damn attractive especially since it components
from high end smartphones can become more familiar
as with a samsung galaxy s 5 or
htc makes pulling the same
Participation is relatively simple
below this video is again one
link to our competition article in the
blog that means she has several
opportunities to participate, among others
Share this article on facebook too
share the youtube video comment
or of course the competition
to comment on our blog article
What can actually that place
were or what is so
especially on this device
we have a 55 inch big one here
display with a resolution of full hd
that is 1920 pixel in the vertical x
1080 pixels in the horizontal is so
with a casemate 5 par
We also have the same processor
a little more RAM namely three
gigabyte and this wise version here
has 16 GB of internal memory and on the
back we can still the 3 10
detect megapixel camera
with the possibility of 4k videos
record and read this one
plus one at a price of 269 euros
So the only one is extremely cheap
it is currently in germany
not available yet
very likely only in the third
For this reason, we have quarter 2014
this device is imported and want it
to give you for that is we
will give it away
as I said several possibilities
at the disposal of the participation possibilities
are again explicitly in ours
blog mentioned i would of course
happy if you participate if you
of course, all participation
possibilities and I say
now congratulations
to the winner because in our test has
that of plasmon really completely over
second be possible very great device
at 5.5 inches it was not that small
but absolutely high quality and processed
also great from the performance so that
is really fluid as so many thanks
that you watched this video
I look forward to your active participation
and say goodbye to you
next videos are good